V0.9.2 (#152)
camaraproject/EdgeCloud: documentation/SupportingDocuments/API_Documentation/Traffic_Influence_API_Documentation.md

##### Description

> Gets in input an object containing the intents from the API Consumer and creates a TrafficInfluence resourse accordingly. The trafficInfluenceID parameter, that is part of the object, must not be valorized when creating a new resource. For this reason the trafficInfluenceID parameter must be avoided in the object, anyway it will be ignored by the API Producer. It is automatically generated by the system and returned in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Takes as input an object containing the intents from the API Consumer and creates a TrafficInfluence resource accordingly. The trafficInfluenceID parameter, that is part of the object, must not be valorized when creating a new resource. For this reason the trafficInfluenceID parameter must be avoided in the object, anyway it will be ignored by the API Producer. It is automatically generated by the system and returned in the response.
```

> Gets in input an object containing the intents from the API Consumer and creates a TrafficInfluence resourse accordingly. The trafficInfluenceID parameter, that is part of the object, must not be valorized when creating a new resource. For this reason the trafficInfluenceID parameter must be avoided in the object, anyway it will be ignored by the API Producer. It is automatically generated by the system and returned in the response.

Reviewer: Please clarify what is meant by 'valorized'? May be clearer  just to say it will be ignored.

###  4.8 Release Notes

> The Traffic Influence API reduces the complexity of the 3GPP Traffic Influence API exposed by the 3GPP Network Exposure Function (NEF) [1]. While the 3GPP TI API offers fastest routing activation and user mobility among different edge sites, this version of the CAMARA Traffic Influence API covers only the fastest routing activation, also for selected users. User mobility will be introduced in a future version. 

Reviewer: I'm not sure that's valuable information for developers, as we are avoiding telco-specific terms where possible. But I agree it is useful information for implementing operators.
